Xiao Gu, are your hands hurt?
It's okay mom
Excuse me.
What is this?
Sui Sui Ping An
No, I said you really can't do dishes.
My lord president
Yo son-in-law is here
I tell you
My aunt is notoriously dumb
Does he know any news?
The whole village needs to know
And my mother recently became the queen
He always looks down on my mother
Come sit
Long time no see, aunt
Husband, this is our aunt
Hello aunt
Oops, your salary this month is quite young, right?
Ah, my salary is not much, but it's enough
Enough to buy a house?
Uh, working on it, yes.
Working on it.
Hahaha, you came by taxi.
I still came here on the third wheel of electricity.
Take a taxi, right?
I was on the floor in front of your house just now
Do you see the reel print of the electric three-wheel car?
The dishes are wrong.
Yes, I said Qin Yue
Look at the dishes
Is this your own daughter?
You can't just watch
The poor boy in his family suffers